Document no default content-type feature flag (#2341)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/support/support-preview-features.md

| **ARM64 Mac Support** | Dapr CLI, sidecar, and Dashboard are now natively compiled for ARM64 Macs, along with Dapr CLI installation via Homebrew. | N/A | [Install the Dapr CLI]({{<ref install-dapr-cli>}}) | v1.5 |
| **--image-registry** flag with Dapr CLI| In self hosted mode you can set this flag to specify any private registry to pull the container images required to install Dapr| N/A | [init CLI command reference]({{<ref "dapr-init.md#self-hosted-environment" >}}) | v1.7 |
| **Resiliency** | Allows configuring of fine-grained policies for retries, timeouts and circuitbreaking. | `Resiliency` | [Configure Resiliency Policies]({{<ref "resiliency-overview">}}) | 

> | **Service Invocation without default `content-type`** | When enabled removes the default service invocation content-type header value `application/json` when no content-type is provided. This will become the default behavior in release v1.8.0. Please explictly set content-type headers where required for your apps. | `ServiceInvocation.NoDefaultContentType` | [Service Invocation]{{<ref "service_invocation_api.md#request-contents" >}} | v1.7 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Service invocation without default `content-type`** | When enabled removes the default service invocation content-type header value `application/json` when no content-type is provided. This will become the default behavior in release v1.9.0. This requires you to explicitly set content-type headers where required for your apps. | `ServiceInvocation.NoDefaultContentType` | [Service Invocation]{{<ref "service_invocation_api.md#request-contents" >}} | v1.7 |
```

Reviewer: Also the policy for breaking changes and deprecation is 2 releases. We should say this is default in the v1.9 release.
